hello everybody this is charles and i'm
back with a las ocho cooking review this
time for GX 56 ninja-ing Toby kar gaye 0
Callie and buckaroo right so let's look
at the box up right now here we have the
front box id0 kar gaye q0 cargo box at
here we have the box out of all the
poses and transformation here and we
have pacu here alright no further ado
I'm gonna go through a figure pack one
of three of my review right now I'm just
going to go through zero car game for us
so here's zero hockey he's a basically a
plastic figure only diecast contender we
have our this silver part here at the
ankle and the whole feet so apart from
that there's no diecast content for this
piece right and into the articulation
why he has 42 points of articulation so
that's really fantastic with just as
good as as the topic our gate injects 55
so hit motion wise fool motion right
anything I'd lie about his it comes off
easily maybe because it's the the whole
here that is too shallow but not a big
issue for the shoulders the shoulder
plate can she move up and down so use
the elbow free rotation of this high the
whole I'm sorry let's show this itself
is on a ball-joint right you can move it
freely right and over here we have this
carbon forearm actually gives you the
detail was inside and the elbow is full
360 motion and that's also a 90 degrees
a front back motion for the elbow arms
wise rotating in the front back motion
as well in terms of the chest the total
ok Nick actually move the upper body
alright so now i'm going with 360 small
now make not resist evil cracks on the
angle and the ways itself is also on a
ball joint and what we noticed at the
bottom here this is to another
additional joint allow you to see move
the waste this much see you can she move
it to the side so this is a the joint
actually allows you to be done over here
at the site skirt we have this ball
joint the lakes
very good motion can move this much
front and this much back you'll have the
motion up to the sideways this way is
much double jointed knees right first
here and here see very good possibility
impact you your most do that you're
going to transform your feet into the
eye of the Dragon but no it can happen
over here at the ankles you can see
rotate 360 this also rotate side by side
over here alright and the n co itself
here at see toes can bend front and back
and up down so this is a marked
collation you have accrued it's actually
very very articulated figure you
actually have a long pause for him see
because she do a lot for dynamic poses
all right he comes to below weapons as
well he does this a ninja star thingy
the chief teacher is back and i guess
this sous chef chef there he continued
to sauce right very good and yes she has
a nother ninja swore my car it comes
with power yoga consists of
interchangeable hands for different
poses I'm gonna change all them here so
here we have the short and here we are
this a ninja Dean shoots up from his
hand you actually need to remove the
cover over here okay just remove it
right now right and this in this is
something similar to top acharya it
looks like spider-man we're putting you
well you guys should get in for both
sides so i'm gonna show the other
sightings is the same thing all right
just put this back in first
okay this pot all right good so just
change his accessories over here I look
back I can't remove this tab and you can
should choose to put the ninja star at
the back or just put a SWAT I would
choose to put a swap because I think it
looks more impressive to put the two
swats airbag so here I go so here and
this thing is I should attach on Rob
apiece uh doesn't really block the way
so he doesn't really matter how you put
it and I'm gonna change the hand here
all right guys change it to a holding
hand ok put this in ok let's take a
little bit off feeling ok custom moves
around ok ok I got sweaty hands i'm
gonna use a piece of cloth to help you
this all right
ah done finally done all right and
because it is traded this is very very
nice traded yeah so this is zero call
yet Wow 0 kages but basically being
slightly bigger than Toby cocky about
the same size and it's just like a
typical a secure figure things very cool
yeah just posing a little bit I'm sure
he wouldn't fall right have a little
balancing issue over here but not good
yeah so here we have zero Kanye who very
cool figure I really liked him a lot for
possibility and everything so here's the
end of part one of my review stay tuned
the patio my review we all go through a
buckaroo